Create API to retrieve positions; Display positions on a Google Static map on the frontend (#11)
flightaware/firestarter: README.md

### db-updater
The db-updater service receives Firehose messages from the connector and
maintains a database table based on their contents. The service is capable of

> handling so-called "flifo" (flight info) messages and airborn position messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handling so-called "flifo" (flight info) messages and airborne position messages.
```

There are two db-updaters currently running - one handles flight info and
updates a "flights" table, and the other handles airborn positions and updates
a "positions" table. The default database configuration writes to a sqlite
database in a named volume, but PostgreSQL is also supported. The flight info

> db-updater uses sqlite, and the position db-updater user TimescaleDB which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
db-updater uses sqlite, and the position db-updater uses TimescaleDB, which is
```

considered a demonstration of what can be built using the data from Firehose.
It should *not* be used in a production environment.

### fids with Google Maps
Now, you can see positions displayed on a static Google Maps image on each
flight info page! In order to enable this feature, you need to configure your

> own google maps API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
own Google Maps API key.
```

Instructions:
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/maps-static/get-api-key
Once you get your API key, just specify it in your .env file as
GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY. Then you will see static maps with a flight track on your

> flight info pages. Note that you may need to enter your payment information.
> The google maps API is not free, but it is with limited use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flight info pages. Note that you may need to enter your payment information,
since the Google Maps API is a paid service, but is free with limited use.
```
